Image 1
Image description
Image 2
Image 3
shop-hero
shop-logotype
author
shape-1
shape-2
shape-3
shape-4
intro
organic-soap
post-1
post-2
post-3
seasonal-soap
soap-bundles
contact
header-image
woocommerce-placeholder
Image 4
Image 5
white car demo page
Image 7
Image 8
logo_ai_architect_blue_nonbinary_being
logo for website near me , blue nonbinary being, made by DALL-E
cropped-animated-gif-head-onlyf.gif
https://websitenearme.online/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/cropped-animated-gif-head-onlyf.gif
your logo placeholder
words saying your logo as a placeholder, black and white
your logo 2 placeholder, black and white letters
illustration of a local business, modern design, for the web, cute, happy, 4k, high resolution, trending in youtube
ai-architects.cloud_logo_featured_image_animated_header_footer
logo-350-70-ai-architects-black-wordpress (1)
logo-350-70px-blue-nonbinary-being-ai-architects-black-wordpress
excited business owner setting up a website and holding money bags, high resolution
illustration of a modern commercial zone where lots of trading and goods are taking place and people are happy and relaxed
woman with baby excited to find exactly what she needed on her cell phone
bubbly chatbot that is helping customers with a happy polite smile on its face, colorful and kid friendly
chatGPT openAI logo
open ai chatGPT black and white logo
open ai chatGPT green and white logo
open ai chatGPT green and purple logo
steampunk image of a bot being trained with data, high resolution
generatepress

	body {
		padding: 30px;
	}
	
	.site-footer {
		margin-top: 30px;
	box-shadow: 10px 10px 0px rgba(237,235,235,0.8);
	font-size: 16px;
	padding: 8px 16px;
 
Contact
Footer
your Company
Remote workers
El Paso, TX
PH 9156032050
© website by
https://ai-architects.cloud
Privacy Policy
|
Terms Of Service
Author Bio
ai architect animated gif website near me contact gif
About Me
Our website is managed by https://ai-architect.cloud.
Blog Posts Width
Archive Page Hero
Welcome to our tips
View our latest articles and DIY on websites
subscribe to our
newsletter
Shop Page Hero
Shop for your AI-driven website solution
Global Page Hero
Hello World
Single Posts Hero
Post date
Post author name
pexels-photo-2280545
Screenshot-2023-08-04-at-10.36.15-AM
Who we are
Our website address is: https://websitenearme.online.  This is the demo site for
.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Questions & Chatbot
When you type questions into our chatbots, we use this data to train our chatbots.  They are also secured with levels of threat protection to include abuse of our chatbot access, spam, or other threats.   This data is passed through openAI, therefore it is highly recommended to refrain from posting any private data.  We are not able to retrieve data sent to the openAI servers.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
If you request a password reset, your IP address will be included in the reset email.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.  We can not guarantee we will be able to do this immediately, however, as it is not a typical request for the purposes of this website or any partner sites.
Where your data is sent
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Blog
Services
Home Demo
Description about what your business is about.
Ex: Fast websites, fast!
HIRE US
main product/service 1
Our ex1: WEBSITE DESIGN
Initial website, same template as this site
1 design + hosting and domain (godaddy or transferred to godaddy)= ~$550
AI-powered SEO initial setup
$0, included
multilingual
chatbot + maintenance
NOT INCLUDED
Website design
main product/service 2
OUR EX2: CHATBOTs for our websites
Website + 1 site-specific chatbot
$100 * 1 time, chatbot setup, $20/month chatGPT subscription
Train model with AI-generated + your questions & answers
$100/ training round
Multiple chatbots with different personalities/ purposes
$100 each
Connect chatbot to your existing website (i.e., we did not build your website)
Please contact us with specifics, these start at $500/each and we reserve the right to say no
Chatbot types and prices
main product/service 3
ex3: SUBSCRIPTIONs
monthly site health + maintenance + minor updates + 3 emergency updates
$50/month
monthly site health + maintenance + minor updates + 1 emergency update/week
$250/month
emergency update
$50
content generation- 4 posts, 1 per week
$100/month
Subscriptions and prices
Some Comments About Your Store Or Product
Explain what makes you great!  We suggest allowing us to modify this content using AI powered tools, but it's ok if you want to keep your original content, too.
Our example:
Welcome to WebSiteNearMe.Online, your local partner in creating digital solutions to help your business thrive in the AI revolution.
We provide an array of services, from crafting the initial layout of your website to continuous updates aimed at promoting your site's Google and Internet rankings. We aspire to empower local businesses to compete against both small and large enterprises by leveraging the power of AI to help ensure your business tops every search list.
EXAMPLES OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
EX1: CHANGE YOUR BREAKS
Our EX1:
WEBSITE DESIGN
BUY WEBSITE
We build websites that not only look good but also serve a purpose. Our web development process ensures your site is functional, user-friendly, and aligned with your brand.
GET FREE SEO
Your website's visibility on search engines matters. We use the best practices in the industry to boost your site's ranking and increase organic traffic.
BUY WEBSITE + CHATBOT
In the rapidly evolving digital world, chatbots have emerged as a game-changing tool. Chatbots are AI-powered assistants that interact with users in a human-like manner. They're efficient, available 24/7, and can handle multiple customer queries simultaneously.
CONTENT THAT BOOSTS SEO - WE CAN GENERATE THIS FOR YOU
Newsletters are optional but highly recommended.  We can generate these for you.
Receive exclusive offers and discounts by joining our email list.
You can sign up for a newsletter generation subscription.  We use AI to automate newsletter generation, it is highly recommended that you review the content before agreeing to it.  We can also manage sending out the content for you.
Sign up for our newsletter!
[RM_Form id='4']
Shop
Cart
[woocommerce_cart]
Checkout
[woocommerce_checkout]
My account
[woocommerce_my_account]
Quick Tips
Subscribe to our
Our newsletter describes computer scientist/ data scientist perspectives on optimizing your website's usefulness to your business
Why data matters- August 1, 2023
Quick Tips to Harness the Power of Data for Your Business
Understand Your Customers
: Collect information about your customers' preferences and needs. Use this data to tailor your products and services, increasing customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Deliver Personalized Experiences
: Use data to understand what your customers want. Offer targeted communications, special offers, or services that cater to their unique interests.
Use Chatbots for Customer Service
: Implement a chatbot on your website. It can interact with your customers 24/7, answer their queries, and collect important data about their behavior and preferences.
Predict Future Trends
: Analyze your business's historical data to predict future trends. Use this information to make proactive decisions about potential high-demand products, sales forecasts, or anticipated customer needs.
Ensure Data Security
: Protect your customers' data to build trust and protect your business from cyber threats.
Establish Your Online Presence
: If you don't have a website yet, consider creating one. It's a central hub where you can interact with customers, offer your services, and collect and analyze data.
Implement Analytics Tools
: If you already have a website, consider using analytics tools. These can help you collect data, gain insights, and deliver a personalized customer experience.
Remember, the world of data might seem complex, but the benefits for your business are immense. Take small steps today and unlock a world of opportunities!
Unlock the Power of Data: Improve Your Business and Delight Your Customers
Dear Future Subscriber,
In the ever-evolving business landscape, one factor consistently plays a transformative role: data. You might think that data is a concern for tech giants and large corporations, but it holds equal, if not greater, significance for small businesses like yours.
Why Data Matters
Data is more than just numbers and facts. It's the key to understanding your customers, their preferences, and their needs. By analyzing customer data, you can tailor your products and services to meet these needs, leading to increased customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Personalization is the New Standard
Customers today expect personalized experiences. They want to feel understood and valued. By leveraging data, you can deliver targeted communications, special offers, and services that match their unique interests and needs.
Chatbots: Your 24/7 Customer Service Rep
Imagine a tool that can interact with your customers, answer their queries, and collect vital data around the clock. That's what a chatbot can do. Implementing a chatbot on your website not only improves customer service, but also collects valuable data that can help you understand customer behavior and preferences.
The Power of Predictive Analysis
By analyzing historical data, you can predict future trends and make proactive decisions. This could involve identifying potential high-demand products, forecasting sales, or anticipating customer needs.
Data Security: An Essential Trust Builder
Collecting customer data comes with the responsibility of ensuring its safety. Strong data security measures not only protect your business from cyber threats, but also build trust with your customers.
Take the Next Step
If you don't have a website yet, it's time to establish your online presence. Your website serves as a central hub where you can interact with customers, offer your services, and most importantly, collect and analyze customer data.
If you already have a website, consider implementing tools like chatbots and analytics software. These can help you collect data, gain insights, and deliver a personalized customer experience.
The world of data might seem complex, but the rewards it offers are immense. Start your data journey today and unlock a world of opportunities for your small business.
Best,
Elsa Velazquez
-former Kindergarten teacher and now data scientist/ computer scientist/ software engineer/ artificial intelligence architect
A promise from all of us to you
We will guide you through the AI revolution with the same tools and discoveries we make for our own business.  We will save you time and maximize your profits the same way we are doing for our own business, at the same time we do it for ourselves.  We support local businesses and believe competition is the secret sauce for innovation, so we want you to have the edge that all the big businesses are indulging in, at a fair price.
home grown engineers
veteran owned and ran
business minded & tech savvy
Do you have any questions or simply want to say hello?
Contact Us
Join our newsletter
Receive additional information and a chance to be highlighted in our backlinks by joining our newsletter email list.
Contact us
We will get back to you ASAP
help@ai-architects.cloud
(915)603-2050
[RM_Form id='1']
Quick Tips Archives
We can generate this content for you using AI.  We highly suggest you review the content and sign up for recurring subscription to make edits.
Hire Us
Order our services
Upon receipt of
payment
, you will fill out a form that will give us the information to implement your website.  Your website will follow
this basic template.
Here is a YouTube video explaining what we need.
Go to
Shopping Cart
what to expect
Fast websites, fast!
This is a simple process that we have automated and streamlined so we can bring you, our beloved local businesses, the same advantage that the nerds in Silicone Valley have been using to get ahead for years.
With the power of Artificial Intelligence and our knowledge of Data Science, Computer Science, Software Development, Business, SEO, and more, we can offer you the same benefits we are enjoying at a fair price.
You simply have to provide us with the pictures, text and logo that you want us to use, and we do the rest.
Once you send us the text and images either by phone, email or online, and pay half the cost of building your website via our purchase orders,  we will guide you through the domain name selection via GoDaddy.
Depending on the domain you want, this can cost between $12/year to thousands/year.  You will pay GoDaddy directly and we will then use our Pro Account to share savings of using their services via our cPanel.
(If you wish to use your own cPanel, we do not provide support for this and encourage you to reach out to GoDaddy.
)
Building your website will take us no more than 3 days, and if you select a trained chatbot, after the 3 days, the website will be live and your trained chatbot will be available within 48 hours  after you provide us the training data.
The training data is simply your answers to specific AI-generated questions about your website.
refunds and returns
We do not provide refunds, but we do allow you to exit your contract if you are not satisfied with your product after the initial setup.  Therefore, if you were building a basic website that cost $500, you would pay us $250 and if you chose to not keep the website, you would not be responsible for the other $250 and we would release your GoDaddy domain and remove any code we had generated.  You would be responsible for your account with GoDaddy, and we will make sure you receive your keys in case you would want to find another web developer.  We would keep the $250 for our time, labor and resources.  However, we think you will love your website!  Because we have been doing this for over 20 years, we have refined the art of scoping your website so that you are perfectly clear about what you will be ultimately paying for and we will both have copies of the exact images and text you asked us to post on your site, so we will always have transparency and data to fall back on in case questions arise.
What if you need more help/ guidance?
We are happy to help you further, in which case we ask you to book an appointment here.  We will send you a list of questions prior to your appointment so that we can both be prepared and make best use of the scheduled time, as these cost $60/hour.
hire us
find out more about us
Submissions
[RM_Front_Submissions]
Password Recovery
[RM_password_recovery]
Login
[RM_Login]
Contact us -- client-upload
We are standing by to help
Anything you want to say to your customers
Your company name
Your company address 1
Your company address 2
(999) 999-9999
your email address
Send us a message
We will get back to you with 24 hours
We will get back to you shortly...
Anything you want to say to your clients
Home Demo — client-upload
Services — client-upload
Contact us — client-upload
Home
Some of our Favorite Cars, from Classics to Modern
Join our Club
Since 1944
Our unique experiences and love for the automobile brought us all together. Wanna join the Gear Club?
What We Look For
Sure, we might disagree on our favorites but all cars
pre-1990
are always welcome. Rad 'eh?
Where To Find Us
You can catch us all at a local "car nights" every week at a new designated location each month!
Keeping motoring history alive
Helpful Tips to Rank Higher in Website Near Me Searches
We can generate this type of content for you using AI.
What goes into a blog post? Helpful, industry-specific content that: 1) gives readers a useful takeaway, and 2) shows you’re an industry expert.
Use your company’s blog posts to opine on current industry topics, humanize your company, and show how your products and services can help people.
Gear Collective
123 Example Rd
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Office Phone
(555) 555-5555
email@example.com
Website
[caption id="attachment_4522" align="alignnone" width="300"]
illustration of a local business, modern design, for the web, cute, happy, 4k, high resolution, trending in youtube[/caption]
Introducing ai-architects' website, the cutting-edge website solution powered by AI tools, designed to revolutionize your online presence. With its innovative automation features, [Product Name] ensures top-notch SEO, dynamic content generation, and lightning-fast speed on cell phones. Elevate your digital experience today!
Key Features:
1. AI-Powered SEO: Say goodbye to manual SEO efforts. [Product Name] leverages advanced AI tools to optimize your website for search engines, boosting your online visibility and driving organic traffic.
2. Dynamic Content Generation: Never run out of fresh and engaging content. Our AI-driven platform generates high-quality, relevant, and captivating content to keep your website up-to-date and your audience engaged.
3. Lightning-Fast Mobile Experience: Your website will load with lightning speed on cell phones, ensuring a seamless and enjoyable browsing experience for your mobile users.
4. Customizable Templates: Choose from a wide range of professionally designed templates, all customizable to suit your brand and vision perfectly. Create a stunning website in just a few clicks.
5. Automation at Its Finest: Save time and effort with our automated processes. From content updates to SEO optimizations, [Product Name] handles it all, allowing you to focus on what matters most - your business.
6. User-Friendly Interface: Our intuitive interface makes managing your website a breeze. No technical expertise required; effortlessly navigate through features and settings.
7. Performance Analytics: Track your website's performance with detailed analytics. Gain valuable insights into user behavior and make data-driven decisions to improve your online strategy.
8. Expert Support: Our team of experts is always at your service. Reach out for any assistance or guidance, and we'll be delighted to help you every step of the way.
Unlock the true potential of your website with [Product Name]. Experience the power of AI-driven automation, unparalleled SEO, and mobile speed that sets new industry standards. Take the leap into the future of web development today!
Weekly blog updates help SEO.
Because we are using AI, this means very affordable for you.
You can sign up for our subscripton service and we will autogenerate content for you so your site continues to rank.
If the google algorithms begin detecting AI content and penalizing websites, we will immediately let you know because it will also affect our websites.  At that point, we would need to update our contract terms, if it will require a human to oversee the content.  It is not likely AI will be used to autodetect AI produced content soon, because AI is becoming better at human-like content generation daily.
Our images also fill in your image alt tags and descriptions, which also help with SEO.
Topics generated by AI, chatGPT
Our advice blah blah blah
Seasonal Car Maintenance Tips:
Write blog posts about seasonal maintenance routines and what car owners should do to prepare their vehicles for different weather conditions. For example, "Essential Winter Car Maintenance Tips" or "Getting Your Car Ready for Summer Road Trips."
How to Extend the Life of Your Car:
Offer practical advice on how clients can take better care of their vehicles to maximize their lifespan. Topics like "Top 10 Maintenance Tips to Keep Your Car Running Smoothly" or "Simple DIY Car Care Techniques" can be helpful.
Understanding Dashboard Warning Lights:
Explain the meaning of various dashboard warning lights and what actions drivers should take when they encounter them.
Common Car Problems and Solutions:
Address common car issues, such as strange noises, engine problems, or handling difficulties. Offer possible causes and solutions.
Brake System: Signs of Wear and Maintenance:
Explain how brake systems work, warning signs of brake issues, and the importance of regular brake inspections.
How to Prepare Your Car for a Long Road Trip:
Offer a comprehensive checklist for clients to ensure their cars are road-trip ready, including inspections, packing tips, and emergency preparedness.
The Basics of Car Maintenance Every Driver Should Know:
Write beginner-friendly articles that cover fundamental car maintenance tasks every car owner should understand, such as changing a flat tire, jump-starting a car, etc.
Debunking Car Maintenance Myths:
Address common misconceptions about car maintenance and provide accurate information to help clients make informed decisions.
Importance of Regular Vehicle Inspections:
Explain why routine vehicle inspections are crucial for safety, early problem detection, and potential cost savings.
New Car Technology and Its Impact on Maintenance:
Discuss how advancements in car technology affect maintenance requirements and how drivers can adapt to these changes.
We use AI to autogenerate topics plus content.
More images and such generated by chatGPT.
Planning can save you time and materials.
This is an example of AI Generated content using chatGPT:
1. Park your car on level ground:
Make sure your car is parked on a flat surface to get an accurate reading.
3. Locate the dipstick:
Open the hood of your car and look for the dipstick. It usually has a brightly colored handle, often yellow or orange, sticking out of the engine.
4. Pull out the dipstick:
Grip the handle and gently pull out the dipstick from its tube.
6. Reinsert the dipstick:
Push the dipstick all the way back into its tube until it's seated properly.
All the following pictures are generated by AI.  They can be made to look more realistic, these are just examples.
Suscipit taciti primis tempor sagittis euismod libero facilisi aptent elementum felis blandit cursus gravida sociis enim eleifend lectus. Nullam dapibus netus feugiat curae curabitur curae fringilla porttitor quam iaculis aptent leo ligula euismod dictumst penatibus mauris eros etiam praesent volutpat posuere. Metus fringilla ullamcorper odio aliquam lacinia conubia mauris tempor etiam ultricies proin sollicitudin quisque lectus sociis mattis tristique integer.
Pretium lorem primis senectus habitasse lectus scelerisque donec ultricies tortor adipiscing fusce morbi volutpat pellentesque consectetur risus molestie curae malesuada. Dignissim lacus convallis massa mauris enim mattis magnis senectus montes mollis taciti phasellus accumsan bibendum semper blandit suspendisse faucibus nibh metus lobortis morbi cras magna vivamus per risus fermentum. Dapibus imperdiet praesent magnis parturient.
Intelligent Chatbots
Empowering Local Businesses with AI-Boosted Intelligent Chatbots
Product Description:
Our AI-Boosted Websites are the ultimate solution for local business owners who aspire to compete with larger corporations and tech companies that leverage AI technology. By combining the power of cutting-edge AI and user-friendly web development, we provide an affordable and efficient way to enhance your online presence.
Intelligent Chatbot Integration: Stand out from the competition with an integrated AI-powered chatbot. Engage your website visitors in real-time, answer their questions, and provide personalized assistance 24/7.
Tailored for Local Businesses: Our websites are designed to cater specifically to the needs of local businesses, helping you connect with your community and attract more customers.
Seamless User Experience: Enjoy a user-friendly interface and intuitive navigation. Your customers will find it easy to interact with your website and access the information they need.
Mobile Responsive: Reach customers on the go with mobile-responsive design. Your website will look stunning and function flawlessly across all devices, including smartphones and tablets.
AI Optimization: Leverage AI technology to optimize your website for search engines, driving more organic traffic and improving your online visibility.
Quick Turnaround: We understand the urgency of getting your business online promptly. Our efficient processes ensure fast delivery without compromising on quality.
Expert Support: Our team of web development and AI specialists is at your service, providing guidance, support, and answering any questions you may have.
Empower your local business with the cutting-edge technology that was once exclusive to larger corporations and tech giants. With our AI-Boosted Websites and integrated chatbot feature, you can enhance customer engagement, streamline operations, and stay ahead in the digital age. Embrace the power of AI and unlock new opportunities for your business today!
Website + Trained Chatbot
We build your AI-powered, AI-SEO-driven website for $500.
We add a chatbot for $100 + $30/month to access your openAI (chatGPT) key.
We train your chatbot 1 time, which covers the majority of likely questions users will have after visiting your website.
Your website will have a landing page, contact us page, and products page.
If you want other things on your page (such as a shopping cart, content, etc, please book an appt with us at $60/1 hour so we can answer your questions).  Prior to the appointment, we will send you a list of questions so that we are both prepared to make best use of the 1 hour.  Depending on volume of sales and your specific requests, we reserve the right to kindly refuse projects.
Custom Styles
{"version": 2, "isGlobalStylesUserThemeJSON": true }
Home Demo -- client-upload
Explain what makes you great!  If you can't think of content, we can generate it for you.   This should be about 5 sentences long.  The amount of words on your landing page helps your SEO.  We want to use 1 main words about 7 times on your landing (home) page.
EXAMPLES OF
PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
TELL ME MORE
VIEW MENU
Newsletters are optional
but highly recommended.  We can generate these for you.
Sign up for our newsletter
SEO Empowers Small Businesses Using AI
In the age of artificial intelligence (AI), small businesses are constantly seeking innovative ways to stay ahead of the competition and unlock success. One powerful tool that has been revolutionizing the digital landscape is search engine optimization (SEO). By cracking the code and harnessing the potential of SEO, small businesses can catapult themselves to new heights in the AI era. In this article, we will explore how SEO can skyrockets small businesses and serve as the secret sauce for their success.
"Cracking the Code: How SEO Skyrockets Small Businesses in the AI Era!"
In the vast digital realm, small businesses often struggle to gain visibility amidst the giants. However, with the advent of AI, search engines have become more intelligent, making SEO an essential ingredient for success. SEO helps small businesses crack the code by optimizing their websites to rank higher in search engine results. By understanding and implementing the latest SEO techniques, businesses can attract a larger audience, increase brand visibility, and drive more organic traffic to their websites. This enables them to compete on a level playing field with larger corporations, giving them an edge in the AI era.
Additionally, AI-powered algorithms now play a significant role in determining search engine rankings. Search engines are becoming increasingly sophisticated in understanding user intent and delivering highly relevant results. SEO empowers small businesses to align their websites with the goals and needs of their target audience, making it easier for search engines to recognize their value. With proper optimization, small businesses can enhance their website's visibility, appear in the top search results, and ultimately reach their desired customers, regardless of the competition.
"The SEO Secret Sauce: Fueling Small Business Success in the AI Age!"
In the AI age, where consumers are bombarded with information, standing out from the crowd is crucial for small businesses. SEO acts as the secret sauce that fuels their success by enabling them to be more discoverable online. By optimizing their website's content, keywords, and meta tags, small businesses can improve their search engine rankings and attract the right audience. This targeted approach helps in creating meaningful connections with potential customers and increases the chances of conversion.
Moreover, SEO offers an opportunity for small businesses to build their brand authority and reputation. By consistently delivering valuable content and optimizing it for search engines, businesses can establish themselves as industry leaders. When customers see a small business consistently appearing in search results and providing valuable information, they are more likely to trust and choose that business over its competitors. This not only enhances brand credibility but also fosters long-term customer loyalty and advocacy.
As the AI era continues to evolve, small businesses must adapt and leverage the power of SEO to unlock their full potential. By cracking the code and understanding the importance of SEO in the digital landscape, small businesses can skyrocket their success and compete with larger corporations. The secret sauce of SEO empowers them to be more visible, reach their target audience, and build a strong online presence. So, embrace the power of SEO in the AI era and watch your small business thrive like never before!
There is no one answer to the question of how AI and SEO interact. Rather, it depends on the specific context and situation. In some cases, AI can help improve SEO by providing better insights into organic search traffic and how to improve the ranking of a website on search engines. Conversely, AI can also help improve SEO by automating the process of finding and analyzing data about a website's performance on search engines.
Newsletter subscription
Subscribe to receive insider tips on advantages of using AI for your business' online presence and more!
Main Menu
Refunds & Returns/ Terms of Service
Welcome to
ai-architects.cloud
' web design,
websitenearme.online
, your go-to destination for stunning and personalized website development. We take pride in offering a seamless and efficient process, ensuring your complete satisfaction with every project. Here's what you need to know about our refunds and returns policy:
Streamlined Development Process: We believe in efficient website creation, and to ensure a smooth workflow, we require all the necessary text fields, images, and half the cost of the website upfront.
Pro Daddy Domain Setup: Enjoy significant savings by connecting your domain through our Pro Daddy account at GoDaddy. We can assist you with the setup to make the process hassle-free.
Precise Implementation: Your vision matters, and we take it seriously. We follow your instructions to the letter, using the exact words and pictures you provide, ensuring your website reflects your unique identity.
Satisfaction Guaranteed: Once we complete your website, we'll share a link for your review. Only after your approval, you'll submit the remaining payment. Within 24 hours of receiving full payment, your website goes live.
Complete Ownership: We believe in empowering our clients. Upon request, we'll provide you with all the necessary information, including keys, to transfer your domain to another developer if needed.
Data Collection: We use data to enhance our website development process and train our models. Rest assured, your data is treated with utmost confidentiality and is never shared with third parties.
Flexible Subscription: You have the freedom to cancel your site maintenance subscription at any time. Your satisfaction is our priority, and we are always here to address your needs.
Scheduled Maintenance: Changes to your website are made on the scheduled maintenance dates. However, if you require an emergency update, we offer that service for a nominal fee.
Search Ranking Tools: While we don't actively monitor your search result rankings, we incorporate the best AI tools for your website based on our own experiences. Regular content updates and social media efforts yield the best results.
Future Considerations: At the moment, social media options are not available, but we are open to introducing them based on the demand from our valued clients.
Additional Projects: For unique requests not covered in the structured items, we are happy to explore possibilities and undertake projects at our discretion. Our focus on automation allows us to pass on cost savings to our clients.
We are dedicated to help in bringing more $$ to your business and bringing your vision to life. Experience a website development journey like never before, and let us help you create a digital masterpiece that leaves a lasting impression.
chatbot openAI subscription
The 1 time $30 fee is the initial setup fee.
You will then need to pay a monthly recurring fee starting in month 2, to openAI (we help set this up for you).  You can begin using your chatbot in month 1.
This is a necessary monthly recurring subscription to have access to your chatGPT openAI key so your chatbot is able to answer client questions online.
Your chatbot will only work if it is using the LLMs available through openAI, so this is necessary in order to build your chatbot(s).
If you have multiple chatbots for 1 website, you only need 1 monthly subscription.
If you have heavy use of your chatbot, you likely will need to increase the amount allotted per month. Heavy use is something like 5k questions in 1 month, however the specifics are outlined in the openAI website.
If you notice your chatbot erring out, please reach out immediately so we can help you adjust your allotted monthly amount through openAI.
Train Your Chatbot- 1 round
We use AI to generate likely questions customers will have about your product.  You then answer these questions for us, and we use it to train the chatbot so that the chatbot knows how to answer them when it is asked on your website. 
Our recommendation is that you train your chatbot for 1 round, then include this information in your website, as it is a set of questions that the AI extracts from your content that is not clear based on your website.  This will reduce the need for much more training initially.  This will also possibly cut back on costs associated with repeatedly running the same questions through your openAI account.
This is not a mandatory product when you purchase a chatbot, but we do highly recommend using this strategy because data is the new gold.
We can set your customer's questions, submitted via your chatbot, to be recorded, so you can begin compiling data that is relevant to your particular store and customer base. 
Having this data is valuable for understanding your customer needs as well as updating info that may be lacking as time progresses.  You always have access to view your own data.  For a small fee, we can send you instructions on how to retrieve your data safely.
Services -- client-upload
Our Services
You can list up to 5 services/products categories and 2 images
You can have up to 2 pictures because SEO penalizes more pictures.
You can submit a changing gif and submit it as 1 of your 2 images (example under service 2).
We will use a restaurant as an example.
Service 5
DRINKS MENU
Service 1
Description - You can either provide us text or a picture or both.
Service 1 text
Service 2
Description - text
Service 2 text
example of animated gif as 1 of 2 images
Service 3
Service 3 text
Service 4
Service 4 text
Service 5 text
The drinks menu at the Mexicana restaurant is ...
Ensalada $2.99/each
Mariscos $10.00/each
Services Layout Option 1
Main Content
Skip to content
MAIN PRODUCT/SERVICE 1
OUR EX1: WEBSITE DESIGN
MAIN PRODUCT/SERVICE 2
OUR EX2: CHATBOTS FOR OUR WEBSITES
MAIN PRODUCT/SERVICE 3
EX3: SUBSCRIPTIONS
Explain what makes you great! We suggest allowing us to modify this content using AI powered tools, but it’s ok if you want to keep your original content, too.
We provide an array of services, from crafting the initial layout of your website to continuous updates aimed at promoting your site’s Google and Internet rankings. We aspire to empower local businesses to compete against both small and large enterprises by leveraging the power of AI to help ensure your business tops every search list.
Our EX1: WEBSITE DESIGN
Your website’s visibility on search engines matters. We use the best practices in the industry to boost your site’s ranking and increase organic traffic.
In the rapidly evolving digital world, chatbots have emerged as a game-changing tool. Chatbots are AI-powered assistants that interact with users in a human-like manner. They’re efficient, available 24/7, and can handle multiple customer queries simultaneously.
CONTENT THAT BOOSTS SEO – WE CAN GENERATE THIS FOR YOU
July 30, 2023
July 26, 2023
February 1, 2021
Newsletters are optional but highly recommended. We can generate these for you.
You can sign up for a newsletter generation subscription. We use AI to automate newsletter generation, it is highly recommended that you review the content before agreeing to it. We can also manage sending out the content for you.
REMOTE WORKERS
EL PASO, TX
© WEBSITE BY
HTTPS://AI-ARCHITECTS.CLOUD
ORDER OUR SERVICES
WHAT TO EXPECT
REFUNDS AND RETURNS